This is an E-commerce platform that you can buy food and all the kitchenware in this website with a lot of features like shopping cart track shipment information and so on.

To use this application, 

1. make dev.js file inside config folder 
2. put mongoDB info into dev.js file 
3. Type  " npm install " inside the root directory  ( Download Server Dependencies ) 
4. Type " npm install " inside the client directory ( Download Front-end Dependencies )

This application is developed with mern stack.
 
The UI components is developed with React.js and working with React Router for SPA and navigation. Used axios to fetch the products data from database, and show them in the homepage in css3 flexbox and product detail page used react-image-gallery package to show multiple images and used react bootstrap to make the website responsive. I used carousel from antd library to do the animation to make the images auto play for every product in the homepage. And users could sort products by price high or low and can filter products by category. And also could use keyword to search in the searchbox so that let users to customize the results as per their needs. . To improve user experience and lower the bounce rate. I implemented infinite scroll to fetch the next 10 product list instead of relying on pagination to guide users.I implemented redux for state management  in the whole application. So the user state like user cart could be share to any components. And I Used Redux-thunk to asynchronously launch Redux actions. I made shopping cart icon with the number of items in shopping cart to make it more intuitive and fetch user’s cart data from redux store.  

And for the Server side, I implemented RestFUL api with node  js and the express.js and used MongoDB with Mongoose as the application database. I used multer package with node.js so the shop owner can upload multiple images to the online store and save those information in the  MongoDB database. I used axios to send asynchronous HTTP request to REST endpoints and perform CRUD operations like get and post data. And also used SQL aggregate framework do the mathematical calculation in the shopping cart when you check out. When handling user ahthrization. I used node js module like JWT to ensure the security of the application. So that every users have unique tokens to access their account, In the user’s account, I use visualization tools Highcharts to present user’s comsumption every day in line charts to make it more intuitive. And I use axio to get user order data from database and store them in the redux to show the order history when navigate to history page from user’s account. And We could track our package cause we’ll update the information in our database, and extract the location information and we connected Google API so that users could see the exactly place where it arrives. I used gulp as the task runner to automate the task  minify the code in my development , I also followed Test Driven Development methodology during the whole lifecycle and used Jest for the unit testing. And I also used postman for the API testing and make sure it all worked. and used JIRA tools for task assignment and bug tracking. I use git to do the version control to update work progress . I Used AWS  EC2 as the deployment service. This is my second project , please free to ask any questions.
